Although taken in a public session, it amounts to a change in rules.
And we heard objections here to changing rules in the middle of the game.
And I think the motion should be made in public and when it is made in the government.
I reserve the rights to offer a substitute motion.
The chairman of the motion was made in public and the senator from Illinois and his president's public.
And he is anxious to have a vote in public motion.
That's all I want.
We would have been prepared to have a vote.
I understand now that the rest of the state is a motion presently withdrawn.
There was no action as a motion that the chairman has.
I know there was.
But I am trying to get those records so we will keep the rest of the state safe and share the data.
He is a member of the motion so it is no longer before.
The motion is not in withdrawn however.
The chairman has no decision to respect the re-indulcant.
Well, there is a difference between the chairman and the motion in public area and the motion in private area.
It is either before it is in public or it is.
That is what I want to settle for the record.
The chairman has no idea in his opinion before it is long enough,
but out of seconds the second the second the record is not in the make.
Then there is no motion in the outfim.
The chairman however the motion has not been withdrawn.
That is correct.
That is the part of the author of the motion can withdraw.
A lot of what I want to do there and I just want to get the motion be read just a moment.
I want the moment to go.
I think that I have a vote in the moment.
Here is that now the motion is in the middle of this debate.
I know that the chairman has a vote but he is so silent about it.
I want to reflect on my motion now.
I am pending before this commend the motion loses as made for a lot of a second.
I would say that.
If the author however says he has not withdrawn,
I would like to get the record straight.
I think the chairman would like to have the chair.
If he would wait longer for a second to have the motion.
I would say the chairman is not in the motion.
That will take it off the record.
There is no motion before it.
I can't say that.
There is a lot of this.
That is correct.
Let's try to do it.
Just one follow me.
There will be representatives from the committee and the public.
That is the chairman's answer.
I understand that.
The executive section of 130 is we are to discuss these proposed motions.
But we will not vote on it in the executive section.
We will not be finalized except by opening it up and discussing it again in public.
I just want to make it clear that nobody has the object in their head.
I will just do it in executive section.
You have a right to it.
We can vote in executive section.
But if we have an understanding right after in public, we now have.
Any decision made in executive section is candidates and has to be finalized by a vote in public section.
It says he is in charge of associating himself with that position.
I think that's the fair.
That is not proper parliamentary procedure.
The F.A. motion in executive section is voted.
Then that is final action of the committee.
And you would have nothing before you in public section.
I have a microphone.
Has anybody here?
I have a chair.
Can you do this?
The very motion should be made in executive section.
No, sir.
I have no idea what you can do to prevent it.
I'm simply stating my position.
I thought I would write to do that.
I thought the panel needs that position.
I had gone a long way.
But if there is any action, the executive section must be reiterated and we can wrap in public section.
Well, I was talking about a parliament.
The situation might be vote for judgment.
Do it or you don't.
That's correct.
If you make such a motion and make a motion in executive section, then that's the big condition that the motion is reaching.
And it is the way to vote.
And that's action here will be final.
If that's included in the motion, then that hasn't come before the committee.
But I don't see how that has come before the public section.
If it's already voted, then we're going to vote to take up the motion to reconsider it.
Mr. Chairman, I want to introduce the whole of life.
You see me, we're wasting a lot of time discussing an arrangement,
which we all seem to have accepted individual achievements.
I have not accepted any seconditation.
I have not accepted it, Mr. Chairman.
I'm processing it now.
I'm trying to make my position.
I want to offer a substitute motion.
I want to offer that substitute motion in public.
Let it be voted on in public.
And if you take that final action in executive section, I'd have no opportunity to do that.
That's the only position I would find.
We have literally offered it to you.
Motion in which we've not seconded it has.
We've got a meeting.
Actually, we can work out an executive section in a procedure.
Which will be catastrophic since we all seem to agree that whatever is done finally can be done in public section.
May the chair make this additional statement.
We'll meet in room 357 then.
In executive section at one point.
Mr. Wilson will be invited to attend.
From the McCarty will be invited to attend.
Mr. Brian will be invited to attend.
The purpose of the meeting is to discuss again,
whether a satisfaction formula can be found.
The problem of trying to shorten each hearing without doing violence is justice and equity.
The chair understands that Mr. Wilson is seeking for himself and his clients.
Opposes the formula as proposed, although not seconded, but underdirt.
The chair has held that he thinks that it is very important for his to turn.
That the hearing proceeds as expeditiously as possible.
Without it anyway, denying parties to this dispute what they consider a fair and equitable hearing.
So if they continue to be the position of Mr. Wilson, his client,
he wants the chair to go on and on until we have succeeded in having the numerous witnesses that have to be called, called, which certainly continues to be so asked to decide along with that connection.
But I do think it important enough to justify an executive section to see whether there is still an opportunity for a meeting of minds before we commit ourselves to a procedure
which seems certain to take another three or four weeks that the speed we are making in the number of witnesses that have been proposed.
The council and somebody else must be heard on this general discussion already that I will write it as a ten and a real center of time.
What is the whole thing that was presented by Senator?
I'm sure you were here. You heard the callically. It's not before its knowledge, but not seconded.
You want to be read out, be happy to have the report if you read it.
Because I heard it for the first time this much time, and I know that I should get the reporters and the request to strike off the motion that it's supposed to be.
I think that's the best way to make that happen.
I think that's the best way to make that happen to the number of all of them is of the committee.
What I wanted to get Mr. Chairman was what it was that you want to be, or attend a auction once and presume that you want to be looked at.
One person, I'd like to have a chance to study when the article comes to a very reasonable respect.
Well, that's what we wanted to do that. He copies enough for all the committee, although if the chairman is visiting the derks and when he went out and he was going to be refined and changed.
He has a big deal, I think.
He's good, Mr. Chairman. He's based on the discussion that's followed after the office.
I appreciate an opportunity to sit before the 130 meters.
I might add that my position at this time is on very strongly opposed to it.
This was...
It's fairly clear, there is a complete lack of a agreement among the members of the committee and the council for the clinical...
The federal...
The federal would have to have some agreements about having...
Continuous hearings are 12 days we have accomplished only about half as much as we should have accomplished.
And I think we often take some steps to continue the hearings with this fashion expedition so that we can accomplish the original objectives.
I think the public interest can best be shared, not by continuing indefinitely a public spectacle which distracts us and asserts the numbers.
And asserts the numbers of the committee and the officials of the department for more important and vital business.
I think that is our major objective to attain the goal of Italy outlined without unnecessarily prolonging this public spectacle.
Certainly the chair is objective, as he raises the asking, he finds the dispute directly on public.
Whether he himself and the arrangement would do violence to his position from the standpoint of equity and justice.
And if a handful said he thought it would be all satisfactory, then Maccasi said it would be satisfactory.
Mr. Welfth seeking for his plan said it would be unfair.
So as a consequence the chair has noticed position that's superimposed on par with the dispute, a solution which seems to be objectionable to one of the parties vitalism check.
May the chair say justice much finer. Over the weekend he received a great many phone calls and conferences from very thoughtful Americans.
And he happened to know what he does when he respects.
He suggested an answer to your suggestion Senator Gwysheck that we change the procedure of this committee to conform it completely with that news in the Oppenheimer Investigation.
They told me that they consider these two investigations very unknowable.
And as much as the Oppenheimer Investigation dealt with security matters and connection with making the hydrogen bomb.
This one deals with security matters and connection with the radar protection against the security bomb.
The hydrogen bomb, related chairman to points that they said that our committee might be doing a disservice.
By continuing the whole hearing dealing with security matters, involving our protection against the hydrogen bomb.
Consequently the chair is exceeding the police that we have had this public distress about the procedures and the methods.
Because at least we do not want the country to believe that this continuation, if there is a danger involved to our security, grows out.
The committees are reluctantly to continue our hearing, which the citizens think to be concluded.
We have made available to the citizens an open-former express themselves.
The chair has said repeated.
He doesn't see how you can change the room without action by these welcome rates.
To switch over to the Oppenheimer type of investigation, which is the conduct of the investigation in sequence.
If there is a danger to our security, I think we should do what we can to try to work out a procedure which will protect us.
If there is none, of course, the analogy will be fine.
If we have, we have, if we are going to be heard on this, the chairman will be surprised.
I think it will all for all of us to recognize what the objective is in this particular tone of urgency.
The charges were made by the Army and countered statements were made by his and his and his.
Now, the purpose of the hearing was to have the same, the two facts.
Now, I'm sure that that's the committee, that that's the committee's sole purpose.
And holding is here.
I've noted that with all of us on over the weekend, I noted a great deal of history about the committee going to White Walk somewhat.
I like it, I'm sure, and I'm sure that the committee members are committed.
There's no desire on anyone to fight for us to hear it.
But we are, of course, bringing the hearings to aid to an end as soon as possible.
Now, the suggestion made by Senator Dixon, after the interrogation and the Democratic Party,
that's going to take the executive positions and that the transcripts come out as they get in the Democratic Party.
Certainly, no one is going to accuse the Army Thursday's committee when they conducted the MacArthur hearing,
a point wash in any of us.
That makes the crew back, the whole fact came out as we as we've all been.
And I'm talking, that we will expedite the hearing considerable.
And I can see no reason, personally, we're not accepting a time of it on executive stage.
And I think everybody's interest will be well protected, and I'm completely hope that we can hear someone misunderstanding.
And that's why, either an executive station or an open here.
I want to get the guys again, that there's no effort on anyone's part to hide.
And in the fact, order White Walk is here.
Mr. Cameron, is this timing?
May I ask Senator Potter, how are you going to shorten the hearing by simply putting them into executive positions?
May I?
I don't think so.
Every time, and I don't know why there is the glare of those little red balls from television, that's enough.
But there's always a tendency for more questions that are, and more questions that are not relevant to the revolts,
and more answers that are long when the little red balls are shining on that television.
Hello, hey, I just suggest that we're going to have a time limit.
We're going to have a time limit.
And rejections.
If that is the premise, then the time limit ought to be in public just as well as an executive station.
I don't be in all logically, if that's the word logic as an enemy.
I don't be in all, you can place a time limit on an executive station, but you can't place a time limit on a public station.
Well, I think it's not a reason for it, for actually, the sector of Stevens has been here for 30 days, and I think that the other side is in the air.
But it was apparently a executive station, or the continuation from here, everybody starts on an even feel.
Otherwise, gentlemen, we're going to be here for a two months, and you might as well make up your mind whether you're going to allow a centiphasis that we're all engaged in in the business of running the army,
which the sector is engaged in, go by the wayside while we continue this repetition hearing, or whether we're going to try to get out before the matter,
and have to change the practice quickly as possible without doing just injustice to any of the principles involved.
No, that's the whole discussion here this morning.
I don't think there's any number of this, but there's even more practice.
About this situation and I, I have things I need to be doing today.
To forget the best regard, the seriousness of the charges that we're investigating.
I want to get on with investigating commoners, the places back to the government, that's highly important.
But not the chairman, we have charges here, that the secretary of the army has attempted blackmail, intimidation, and coercion to prevent an investigation of commoners in the army.
I say to you, Mr. Chairman, there could be no more serious charge made.
And every to the House today, a secretary of the army, a man who has been forced to the tactics and the commoners that he's charged with here,
missed the chairman of places to begin to clean out and to clean out commoners, is the cleaners from the top where they're being caught, or if these charges are true.
And if these hearings and the importance of them, if these are reckless and irresponsible charges, then it ought to be ascertained immediately and remove the proud of doubt or suspicion that these charges are fought upon the insignacy of the army under its presence as administrations.
I didn't make the charges, but they're here.
And if this secretary of the army has been covering commoners, has been trying to intimidate a committee of the United States, then it is to investigate these commoners in subversive activities in government, has been holding a private in the army of hostage, and refusing to give him what he was entitled to simply detract and intimidate this committee.
It's time Mr. Chairman that this, the people of this country found that out, and the place the start would be at the top and not at the bottom, on the other hand, Mr. Chairman.
If the other charges are true, that members of the staff of this committee have made threats to the right of the army, and declared war on the army.
If they couldn't get the assignment they wanted for some print in their private, they're so charged with the truth and Mr. President, the American people are entitled and all.
And if they're reckless charges, if someone is justified to that and others may hate, that's those charges are fought, and they prove to be false, then I say that as a surristically reckless and irresponsible charge, and he even made it ought to be held accountable for it.
I have no personal interest in it, the these charges go much further, much further.
Somebody is shining his shoes or somebody with the name of shine. They go to the integrity of this government today at this hour.
If we cannot have integrity in high places, you can expect continuous, commoners in the filtration faster than any Congress nor committee, panic souls and eliminators.
Mr. Chairman, and the chairman.
I would like to associate myself in every way with what Senator McClellan has said.
As a matter of fact, I don't believe anybody in this government has tried harder than I have in the last 13 years to develop strength, which can resist the advancing communist aggression, strength inside and strength outside of our country.
Now I told the people that I represent the 4 million people in the state of Missouri when these hearings started, that I had just two main tenants as they started.
The first was that these hearings were going to be conducted in a goal-fixed bowl, and a goal-fix bowl is never an executive hearing.
And the second was that each witness, jumping to the approval of the chairman's ruling, was going to have exactly the same rights as every other witness, no more and no less.
Now with all due respect to my distinguished colleague from Michigan's sensitivity to the television aspect of linking these hearings, I do not agree.
I believe that executive hearings at this time, as these witnesses, take the same, is in effect putting it under the rug.
I am not quarried under the rug. I completely agree with Senator McClellan with respect to the seriousness of these hearings, and I believe the American people have the right.
If they want to, and only if they want to, to look and hear and to read about them.
Mr. Chair, we'll have to do not ignore Senator McClellan's amendments.
Any further senator FOIA, if this time on this topic, because we're going to have an executive session, it's afternoon, which you can all make your point extremely clear, and Senator Berkson has indicated he's going to bring his motion up in public afterwards, which you can be heard again.
But I do think that we'll have to limit the committee discussion. So the committee members are going to be called upon to vote this time.
We have asked each of you to make your position clear. Each of you has done so. We respect your rights to do so.
I would like to say however, so there's no misunderstanding. To those who may have tuned in at a particular time on the radio or on television. That is why I resign.
Nobody on this committee and nobody involved in the dispute. I have said that these charges are to be minimized, that they are not unimportant.
They certainly must be important to the people who made them, and they must be important to the people who are endeavoring to answer them on the radio.
I have said repeatedly as far as the chair is concerned, I want these hearings to pursue the truth.
I would like to provide an adjustable conclusion. I'm motivated by that, much more than I am about the particular committee procedure.
I frankly am disturbed with it, when thoughtful friends of mine call up as 80s over the weekends and say that we should give some thought.
To try and handle this question of security with us, as the Oppenheimer question of security with was handed.
There are people and the press unanimously applaud the Oppenheimer procedure in the Oppenheimer page.
Many segments of the press, some elements of the public, are criticizing our committee for doing this in public.
I think as well that we re-appraise the situation at least. They are going to make sure that security with us are involved in this terribly dangerous world in which we live.
In connection with our best protection against the hydrogen bomb, namely the aspect of radar, at least just merits and executive sessions of each arm and one,
whether we can refine our procedure better to protect the security of all Americans and to just spot each party to the dispute,
actually wants to have from the standpoint of procedures.
If it is desired by any element, that they get justice, we should continue for two months and keep the Senate and the Army tied up the fist position.
That party has the right to make his position known publicly and our committee will then vote.
And as far as the chairperson's journey will continue to vote in the direction of providing a forum here which all parties are just as distant as fair and equitable.
Once the parties to the dispute, if they ever care, arrive at a procedure which will give some reasonable possibility of terminating these areas.
In the next two weeks or two months, then the chair will certainly never be in position of voting to say once the parties to the dispute are satisfied to adjudicate the differences, we should crowd them in the back and put them over the risk, urging them to continue to accuse each other in public space.
Unless there are other statements to come from committee members now, we will proceed with the interrogation of Secretary Steve Smith and this time I would like to make a very short observation.
I would be entirely willing to limit to whatever was considered appropriate by the committee, the length of time that any witness was on the stand.
It seems to me such a logical solution of this problem that I'm just made that it hasn't been taken up seriously before.
Any other sentence can be heard before we start in with the interrogation?
No sir.
Do you want to limit to the scare?
I think the product only wants statement I'd like to make is, Sunday's time has indicated that he was missing anything out of the rug.
I'm a discretionless morning, I go to the whole center that made any statement that they wanted anything foot onto the rug.
I think it's perfectly clear and I know it's been in a lot of time.
That we're receiving all the facts, but we're not in a statement hearing the same story told about ten times and ten different ways.
Any other sentence before we start with the interrogation of Mr. Steve Smith?
We're about to start.
Before the questioning of Mr. Steve Smith's continued, let's return to our studios and cost the country to permit our station to identify themselves.
This is ABC Television Network.
Date line Detroit, Nash Low Price is Rock America, on ambassadors, Beckman, Metropolitan, the swing now is to Nash, and here's the big pipe bomb cell.
Our famous Nash Rambler family for them, factory delivered is yours for only $1,500, at your Nash dealers now.
Modern house fatality calls for light refreshment.
Autopepsy by the talking of case and let your guests reflect without filling.
The major event for us, Mr. Chairman, all the kind of exciting was an act of a economist hearing him, Mr. Kohn has been surprised.
In the 80s, I could hear it, it's a day of my aim, or the name, or the name, or the name of the relevant promoter, or a house of conature.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Navi, Mr. Chairman, please make a toast.
If I would respectfully direct the attention of Mr. Jenkins to the specification, which we supply in this case, and which we make as an allegation here, the fact that one of the motivations bringing about is proceeding.
The following morning, he was talking to hearings about committing, with a cover-up by Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams of the people responsible for the handling of the press case in the arms.
We were told by Mr. Stevens that this infected General Report would supreme on us, as finally been finished, and that the names are now available.
And I think it's a very important test here to see whether Mr. Stevens, even at this point, says, will give the American people the name of all who gave an honorable gift-godge to this case.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Jenkins, the very fact that a specific allegation is made by Senator McCarty, staff says, not necessarily make it relevant.
The same holds true with respect to Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams.
This corner is now attempting to go into a specific case, and for the reasons I have here to report that, I have any objections.
Mr. Chairman, may I have a heard?
Thank you for the briefly, Mr. Chairman. I don't think anyone was too brief here this morning. I would like to be heard, and Mr. Taylor would like to consider necessary.
Okay.
Now listen to the line of the talks to the point of work.
Yes, I will be talking to a point of order.
Mr. Chairman, one of the important allegations here is that the allegations against Mr. Cohn and Mr. Cargons myself were spot out formalized the night after Mr. Cohn was arrested.
The night after Mr. Stevens met with us, that is the night that he agreed to give us the names of those who are responsible for a plus-duty order to the Communist Major.
The report on the Congressman's Winter Vignet against the plus-duty order for the Communist Major, when that's time to go to the Oklahoma, for his change, the promotion of the honorable discharge, as the chairman was Mr. Stevens promised us that information about that time.
He now says that he has that information. I think it's very important to test his good faith to see whether he still wants to cover up those who got plus-duty orders for this Communist Major.
He has not at all had some of this with the chairman to give all of his details about a private who was watching the wrong side of the Jeep, so pay the time to get his shoes down.
I think this is extremely important to find out whether he's going to give us those names now if he's got some reason why he doesn't want to give them in public.
Then I asked the view order to send up to the chair the names of those who responsible. Mr. Chairman, this is a very fresh and soul, this investigation, not the DIGALTY ONE COMMUNITY, but the DIGALT those who have covered, protected and puddled.
And that's been from it, I've been promised, and Mr. Chairman has no reason and God's earth. Why those names should be kept secret of this time?
I think it's one of the times I'm in the business.
Certainly, no reason to reverse the position I've taken, Mr. Chairman, I'm sure it's sound. I'm still in the business.
It's very, very tender to me. I've been here as a consultant.
I do not think it's advisable necessary and proper to go into the details of each individual case.
But the statements that the senator has just made reiterate the seriousness of this charge against the secretary of the Army and the integrity of the President and the administration of the Army.
I think the senator is entitled to have those names submitted to the committee to heal the secretary's now in position to do it.
I want to expedite these years, but this question and this line of testimony reiterate how seriously charges off.
I think if the secretary is in position to do it, the names of those from the whatever processes occurred and are the routine of this charging for the Army, I think the names and the correct case to speak to the medical committee.
There is a fair deal. He believes that it might be unwise to submit the names and involve publics, but he is a fair deal that certainly involves wealthy individuals, have been charged and complicated about further enough, they were ever going to disclose the names of those responsible for the preface promotion.
And if those facts are now available, he believes that the secretary is in conflict and submission to the council of our committee, without necessary releasing them to the press, unless the secretary feels that he should release them to the press.
In these ways, your question on that basis is to share with the chairman of the office of the chairman of the office.
I would like to point out to what we want and information bearing on allegations 41, 45 and 46 in the philosophical specifications filed by Senator Carvey in the absence of thousands of cars and miles of, specifically,
allegations 41, the chairman alleges that honor about the 11th of February 16th. Mr. Adams has asked that he had an interrogation that if the investigation continues, he, Mr. Adams, expected to be executed and backed over the press case as no follow-up action has been taken on and filed in Mr. Adams.
And that he, Mr. Adams, might be charged with primary responsibility for allowing an honorable discharge to issue through press on February 16th, 1954, and we would want to know that the chairman of the full defense, the Black and the perceived as the one that Adams 121 and the honorable discharge of the major press.